NXP Interview questions 

Introduction 
Went through the project I had worked on
What is PMIC (Internal and Client), what was the difference?
On what basis the tapeout was done for the internal PMIC ?
In which PMIC you found bugs?
Which blocks were present in Buck Regulators?
How did you figured out the connectivity bug ?
In which PMIC you modelled the buck regulators and how? In which language?
How does a AMS Verification Environment looks like?
What are views present for DUT/blocks?
How do we configure the view eg. SCH, RTL, MODEL ?
We configure using it in a file or tool itself ?
How to do model vs schematic, have you ever ran a model vs schematic simulation?
Write a testbench of model vs schematc ?
How do we provide analog values ?
What was JTAG conversion model, explain its working and logic behind it?
What if corrupted data comes at the data line of JTAG conv model?
What was your scope of work in this task?
Transition filter, what was the reference to the JTAG_IO node, what are the arguments in Transition filter?
Have you worked on connect modules ? What are E2L, E2R connect modules?
Write a E2L connect module ?
What is absdelta, cross, above ?
Can we use cross or above in this connect module ?
Have you worked on analog checkers ?
How do we capture analog values and use them in analog checkers ?
What is $cgav task, with syntax ?
Which checkers you have written uptil now ?
Difference between SV, WREAL and Electrical ?
Which simulators are used for them ?
Have you worked on Testplan creation ? What are the contents required in a testplan ? If given task to create testplan how will you proceed ?
How confident are you in UVM, assertions, coverage?
For which project you have written assertions and done coverage?
Have you worked on scripting, if given a task to write script will you be comfortable?
Which scripting language was used in previous project, what was your contribution in that script ?
If given a task or assigned a block near to deadline, how confident are you and how will you manage it to complete within time?
